[Applause]
when Stefani really is the worst thing
to ever happen . . hashtag a barf alley
one of my employees was talking about
how the chainsmokers are actually pretty
good and don't deserve all the hate so I
fired him
Tiger pants too tight hashtag this
trying to decide which is worst ruin
five Hitler I like some of Halsey songs
but my god she sings like a goat being
in the ass why is Jason Mraz the
unofficial soundtrack for barbecues
people say that I should be more
positive okay I'm positive that Luke
Bryan is a horse tooth less air humping
doofus Jason Derulo sucks horses what
the is a duo deeper sounds like a sloppy
The Strokes worst piece of band ever
made period
pink is aging pretty well for a pig
thank you I discussed Ellen is a really
great artist if you're a hipster shout
out the schoolboy q he only did a good
show I am G easy is like the American
cheese of cheeses or like the boxed wine
of wines or some other thing keep the
fact that Luke combs looks like the guy
who changes your oil at Jiffy Lube Miley
Cyrus is a smelly pirate hooker those
guys more than Nickelback I would rather
stab myself in the taint then here
another Nickelback song that's funny
that's how we make Nickelback songs
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it